ResFrac ResApps Mini Project: Web App 

Create an app using the tech stack and features described below. The app should use a web framework such as Angular 2+ (preferred), React, or Vue, and should use a state management system such as NgRx. The app should be able run on a Windows computer as a desktop app using Electron (preferred), or hosted via Express locally. Alternatively, the app could use Retool to accomplish the same functionality. Please include logging, unit test cases, a ReadMe file, and an architecture diagram. Once you are done with the mini project, please upload the code to your BitBucket/GitHub account and share the link, or send a zip file (if done in Retool, provide an export of the app). 

Tech Stack:
	TypeScript / JavaScript
	Retool (preferred) / Angular 2+ (preferred) / React / Vue
	Electron (preferred) / Express
	Store / state management such as in @ngrx
	Axios or other library / mechanism to make API calls from the app
	SQLite / other SQL database
	OAuth2

Specifications:
	Home Screen
		displays a title bar with app name on the left, settings and login buttons on the right and window controls (min, max, close).
		Body displays welcome message with some guidelines for user to login and select a city to see the weather for.
	Settings screen shows settings (like weather API URL, API key, etc.) and allows user to update them. Settings should be stored in a SQLite database. If you prefer to use a different SQL database, that is also fine. 
	Login screen should allow users to log in using a Google account via the OAuth2 protocol. If you prefer, you could alternatively support log in via a Microsoft account. 
		Upon successful login, check the SQL database users table. If user is not found, add a record with basic details received from the Google/Microsoft ID token (first name, last name, email). 
		Once logged in, home page displays input options (text boxes or a drop down) for user to provide location information and click a button to get weather info. 
	Fetch the weather with the required details and display them in appropriate format. 
	Provide a way for the user to log out. 

Resources:
	Weather API: Sign up for a free plan at https://weatherstack.com/product (feel free to use any other free api for weather as you see fit)
	Google OAuth2: Sign up for a client ID (free): https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2. Also fine to look up and use the Microsoft equivalent. 

Please reach out if you have any questions or clarifications.


Evaluation: 
Front-end web frameworks (Retool or Angular 2+ preferred, or React/Vue)
Store / State Management
TypeScript/JavaScript
Electron (preferred) or Express
Testing
SQLite
OAuth2, REST

-------
Functional Weather 
Fetch the weather with required details : what date range? What precision level (hourly, daily)? 
Any guidance on "appropriate format"?
How many cities to support? 
How many cities does weather stack support? Should we support all of them?


Should we be doing anything with the stored user information besides storing it? 

NGRX is specified, but upon review, it is known as a library used mainly by the angular community.  Is NGRX a requirement, or is it merely a requirement to have state management? Redux for React).

Any guidance on performance characteristics you are expecting to see? 
